prologue.intro.raka1=Stupid dogs! Get me outta here or I'll see ya scream!
prologue.intro.mia1=Kss-kss... It would appear Raka is not used to being in jail.
prologue.intro.raka2=Ya think yer funny, Mia? Open yer door if yer better than me!
prologue.intro.mia2=If you treat me with a bit more respect, then maybe I'll see to letting you follow me when I get out...
prologue.intro.raka3=Hey, ya can't toot yer own horn now that you've busted the royal vase! All this cash's gone now ‘cause of you, filthy snake!
prologue.intro.mia3=Because of me? If you had not tried to pull it out of my hands, maybe we would not be here. Ha, if only a certain donkey had not shouted, maybe the guards would not have heard us...
prologue.intro.raka4=Eh?! You're lucky there's that pit, or else you'd be the one yellin'!
boss.intro.miagrr=*grrrr*
boss.intro.rakagrr=*grrrr*
prologue.intro.entite1=Hey, for a bunch of thieves, you're rather loud! Hee-hee!
prologue.intro.raka5=... Eh? Wuzzat thing? ...
prologue.intro.entite2=Ha, I seem to be intruding like a bull in a China shop... Actually, by breaking the vase, you set me free from the cage in which I've been imprisoned for so many years! You two are really great!
prologue.intro.mia4=... Well, this does not help us.
prologue.intro.entite3=The same way you helped me to have my freedom back, I'm gonna give yours back to you... Thanks to my finest treasure!
prologue.intro.entite4=Surprise! Here's a part of my powers, just for you two! You'll see, the advantage of a shared gift is that there's strength in unity!

prologue.tuto.entite1=This here is the link that unites your energies! Thanks to it, the Orb of Power can move between you two.
prologue.tuto.entite2=There it is! Look out!
prologue.tuto.entite3=Ah, it would seem that you don't know how to send back the Orb of Power. I mean, how would you even know it? You can send the Orb of Power back by hitting it with your tail!
prologue.tuto.entite4=Well, you will understand everything once I'll tell you the rich history of this artifact.

prologue.blabla.entite1=The Orb of Power was created by the great deer sage Decimus Quartus Quintus Unus Hippopotamus Tercer XVIIILD in honor of the goddess Aequestra.
prologue.blabla.entite2=However, it was stolen by the Snake Empire, led by Balthazar Byron CCXV, as they annihilated the Deer Tribe in order to use the Orb of Power in their great war against the snail army, which was commanded by Sir Mucus XXI.
prologue.blabla.entite3=Their plan was more successful than they could have possibly imagined, as, as you know, snails are now a completely extinct species. Sir Mucus, the last survivor of his species, perished in the battle of Crabcassonne.
prologue.blabla.entite4=However, the extinction of the snail species had disastrous long-term consequences on the ecosystem. Indeed, snails were charged with enriching and moisturizing the soil, which was benefiting to every animal species.
prologue.blabla.entite5=Thus, the lack of snails lead to the great Benedictarian famine, which itself lead to many deaths. Terrified by the power of the artifact they stole, the snakes decided to seal it inside a vase.
prologue.blabla.entite6=Later, the vase was stolen by another empire, the Scorpion Empire. Its people had no idea it contained such a powerful item, and so they locked me up inside it in order to keep my subversive powers at bay.
prologue.blabla.entite7=They were unaware that, by keeping me locked up in such a small space with such a powerful artifact, I would end up harnessing its power. Soon, the Orb of Power and I were one.
prologue.blabla.entite8=But since I was stuck in such a tiny prison with nothing to do, nothing to see, I eventually realized that, if someone were to free me from my torment, I ought to offer this person the strength of the Orb of Power.
prologue.blabla.entite9=However, I was also aware of the dangers that came with it and decided I had to give to my saviors a very detailed account of the history of this artifact, as to not have them misuse its powers. Now, the story goes like this...

prologue.tuto.entite5=Ouch! Mhhhhh, that was really mean ! If you don't want to listen to me, then do it all by yourselves !